So like in previous courses,
in this lesson we're going to talk
about things that we find that could
be helpful for you to research or
learn or look up and it'll help you
understand the material better.
So we're going to start with
talking about Android Multimedia.
This is because the last course,
we did VOIP in Android,
so this time, we're shifting gears and
we're going to try teaching you
how you can develop a multimedia
application in Linux operating system.
So, we're going to go ahead and talk
about, if you want to stick with Android,
some ways you could implement
a multimedia Android application.
>> Yeah, then Randy's going to also
talk to you a little bit about C,
a little bit about C++, and.
>> Python.
>> Of course, Python.
>> We talked about this before.
So feel free to go back in time and
take a look at those videos.
>> Yeah, yeah, absolutely.
We have covered all these languages and
please remember that
this is a supplemental.
We're not teaching you Python,
we're not teaching you C.
Please go out there and search for
as many resources as possible.
Check out Amazon buy a book, but
use the opportunity in
between these lessons or
modules to read-up and practice as much
of your coding programming as possible.
So we'll be seeing you in later videos
talk to you about some of this stuff.
>> Mm-hm.